run35_tol3d-4_tole5d-6 uses tol=3.0d-4 and tole=5.0d-6. This might be too tight, so I stop these calculation early.
I then use tol=4.5d-4 and tole=5.0d-6 and use the last structure from run35_tol3d-4_tole5d-6 as the initial structure for the new calculation.

I first use link_files_to_restart.sh to setup restart. Then I manually make some adjustment:

For 1Zn_1MIm_1MImH_2MeOH and 1Zn_0MIm_2MImH_2MeOH, I found it would just stop at the first step after restart (the first step only checked Max grad and RMS Max grad rather than Energy, Max Step and RMS Step).
Because they already once passed the new loose criteira in run35_tol3d-4_tole5d-6, I just copied them from run35_tol3d-4_tole5d-6/ to run35/ to keep their full optimization trajectories. For min.xyz, I used cycle 70 for 1Zn_1MIm_1MImH_2MeOH, cycle 72 for 1Zn_0MIm_2MImH_2MeOH, as they have the lowest energies, and RMS/MAX gradience are within the new loose criteria. I deleted 1Zn_1MIm_1MImH_2MeOH/min.rst, because it is for cycle 73 rather than 70. I also delete information of cyc 71 72 73 from 1Zn_1MIm_1MImH_2MeOH/min.out and 1Zn_1MIm_1MImH_2MeOH/path.xyz

DLC seems unstable for current atom coordinates of 1Zn_0MIm_0MImH_6MeOH 1Zn_0MIm_1MImH_5MeOH 1Zn_1MIm_0MImH_4MeOH.

I copied /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc/qm_minimize/run30/1Zn_0MIm_6MeOH to run35/1Zn_0MIm_0MImH_6MeOH. Though NoAutoStart was not used in that folder, it was checked that no basis was trimmed for colinearity, and the convergence was doubled checked by /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc_check/qm_minimize/run30/1Zn_0MIm_6MeOH. The copied one also has a lower energy than the one in run35_tol3d-4_tole5d-6

I copied /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc/qm_minimize/run30/1Zn_1MImH_5MeOH to run35/1Zn_0MIm_1MImH_5MeOH. Though NoAutoStart was not used in that folder, it was checked that no basis was trimmed for colinearity, and the convergence was doubled checked by /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc_check/qm_minimize/run30/1Zn_1MImH_5MeOH. The copied one also has a lower energy than the one in run35_tol3d-4_tole5d-6

For 1Zn_1MIm_0MImH_4MeOH,1Zn_0MIm_6MImH_0MeOH I changed the dlfind setting to BFGS HDLC tol=4.5d-4 tolE=5d-6, because Residue conversion error in DL-Find happened.

I found 1Zn_4MIm_0MeOH in  /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc/qm_minimize/run30/ has a lower energy than the currently optimizing 1Zn_4MIm_0MImH_0MeOH, so I stop the current job and copied  /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc/qm_minimize/run30/1Zn_4MIm_0MeOH/min.rst to 1Zn_4MIm_0MImH_0MeOH/init.rst to restart it.

1Zn_2MIm_2MImH_1MeOH has one imidazole unbinded, so I delete one MeOH from cycle 34 of 1Zn_2MIm_2MImH_2MeOH to re-optimize.

For consistency, I copied MIm MImH and MeOH from /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc/qm_minimize/run30/. Though NoAutoStart was not used there, their convergence were double checked by /home/zbai29/data/qmmm_test/react_benchmark/M052X_struc_check/qm_minimize/run30/

For thoese hard to SCF-converge, I first tried sthresh 1e-6 or sthresh 1e-5, then I deleted them and use VERYTIGHTSCF

stable 1Zn_0MIm_4MImH_1MeOH and 1Zn_4MIm_1MImH_0MeOH was not generated by metallogen, so I manually created them from relevant structures.
I used 1Zn_0MIm_4MImH_2MeOH (converged, cycle 4) and delete one MeOH to create 1Zn_0MIm_4MImH_1MeOH
I used 1Zn_4MIm_2MImH_0MeOH (was still running, at cycle 37) and delete one MImH to create 1Zn_4MIm_1MImH_0MeOH

I used create_run35_new_from_proton_transfer.py to created all missing structures by adding/deleting H from neighboring 
structures iteratively. These new structures are located in run35_new. Refer to create_new.log for the details. At the time of this generation, many structures in run35 are still running and not completed. I then link all structures of run35 and run35_new to run35_all

For 1Zn_3MIm_2MImH_1MeOH,1Zn_2MIm_3MImH_1MeOH,1Zn_0MIm_5MImH_1MeOH I changed the dlfind setting to BFGS HDLC tol=4.5d-4 tolE=5d-6, because Residue conversion error in DL-Find happened.

I early stop all runs in run35_all and cp the last frame of path.xyz to min.xyz for thoese folders without min.xyz (run35_all/fill_min_xyz_from_path.py and its log). Those unconverged structures will be restarted in furture